Update the SMPP Connector Example page (#418)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/smpp-connector/smpp-connector-example.md

If you do not want to configure this yourself, you can simply [get the project](#get-the-project) and run it.

> ## Setup the Integration Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up the integration project
```

Follow the steps in the [Creating an Integration Project]({{base_path}}/develop/create-integration-project/) guide to set up the Integration Project. 

## Add integration logic

> Create an integration project. Then, follow the [Creating a REST API]({{base_path}}/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-an-api/) guide to create a REST API. Specify the API name as `SmppTestApi` and API context as `/smpptest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [Creating a REST API]({{base_path}}/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-an-api/) guide to create a REST API. Specify the API name as `SmppTestApi` and API context as `/smpptest`.
```

> ### Configuring the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure the API
```

> 1. Delete the default resource. <br/>

Reviewer: Let's remove this part. Or else at the end of the tutorial you can mention remove the default resource optionally.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/smpp-example-delete-default-resource.png" title="Delete default resource" width="800" alt="Delete default resource"/> 

> 2. First we will create the `/send` resource to send an SMS to the Short Message Service Center. Refer the [Adding new API resources]({{base_path}}/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-an-api/#adding-new-api-resources) guide to create a new resource. Provide the resource details as below. <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. First, we will create the `/send` resource to send an SMS to the Short Message Service Center. Refer the [Adding new API resources]({{base_path}}/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-an-api/#adding-new-api-resources) guide to create a new resource. Provide the resource details as below. <br/>
```

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/smpp-example-create-send-resource.png" title="Create send resource" width="800" alt="Create send resource"/>

> 3. Set up the sendSMS operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set up the `sendSMS` operation.
```

    1. Select the `send` resource. Click on the `+` mark indicated below and goto `SMPP` connector and select `sendSMS` operation. 
           
        <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/smpp-example-add-send-sms-operation.png" title="Add send sms operation" width="800" alt="Add send sms operation"/>    

>     2. Then click on `Add new connection` to create a new SMSC Connection. Replace the `host`, `port`, `systemId`, `password` with your values. You can reuse the SMSC connection among other operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Then, click on `Add new connection` to create a new SMSC Connection. Replace the `host`, `port`, `systemId`, `password` with your values. You can reuse the SMSC connection with other operators.
```

        - **addressNpi [Optional]** : Numbering Plan Indicator for ESME address.  
    

        <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/smpp-example-config-new-connection.png" title="Config SMPP connection" width="400" height="400" alt="Config SMPP connection"/>

>     3. In this operation we are going to send a SMS messages peer to peer using SMPP protocol. It provides a flexible data communications interface for transfer of short message data between a Message Centers, such as a Short Message Service Centre (SMSC), GSM Unstructured Supplementary Services Data (USSD) Server or other type of Message Center and a SMS application system, such as a WAP Proxy Server, EMail Gateway or other Messaging Gateway. Please find the mandatory `send` operation parameters listed here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. In this operation we will send SMS messages peer-to-peer using SMPP protocol. It provides a flexible data communications interface for transferring short message data between Message Centers, such as a Short Message Service Centre (SMSC), GSM Unstructured Supplementary Services Data (USSD) Server, or other types of Message Centers, and an SMS application system, such as a WAP Proxy Server, Email Gateway, or other Messaging Gateways. Please find the mandatory send operation parameters listed here.
```

>         While invoking the API, the above three parameters values come as a user input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        While invoking the API, the values of the above three parameters come from user input.
```

>         - **name** : sourceAddress

Reviewer: Use backtick for property values

        - **expression** : json-eval($.sourceAddress)
   
        <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/smpp-example-source-address-property.png" title="Add property mediators sourceAddress" width="800" alt="Add property mediators sourceAddress"/>
    
    5. Add the property mediator to capture the `message` values. The message contains content of the SMS message.                  
   

>         - **name** : message

Reviewer: Use backtick for property values

        - **expression** : json-eval($.message)
     
        <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/smpp-example-message-property.png" title="Add values to capture message" width="800" alt="Add values to capture message"/>  
      
    6. Add the property mediator to capture the `destinationAddress` values. The message contains content of the SMS message.                  
       

>         - **name** : destinationAddress

Reviewer: Use backtick for property values

        - **expression** : json-eval($.destinationAddress)
         
        <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/smpp-example-destination-address-property.png" title="Add values to capture destinationAddress" width="800" alt="Add values to capture destinationAddress"/>  
    
    7. Add the `sendSMS` operation in `SMPP` connector. Select the previously created connection. Provide the following expressions for source address, destination address, and message as below. 

>         - Source Address - $ctx:sourceAddress

Reviewer: Use backtick for property values and make property names bold

## Deployment

To deploy and run the project, refer to the [Build and Run]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-run) guide.

> You can further refer the application deployed through the CLI tool. See the instructions on [managing integrations from the CLI]({{base_path}}/observe-and-manage/managing-integrations-with-apictl).

Reviewer: The link is changed to mi cli. Please check

> ## Testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Test
```
